Add CONTRIBUTING notes (#57)
cortinico/tech-conferences-italy: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contribute to this repository

## How to choose the event 🧐

This repo is create to be a community-curated list of Italian tech conferences. So, before adding a new event, please be sure:

- make sure it is a tech conference and it is not already listed.

> - make sure that is a event (not a meetup, hackaton, etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- make sure that is a conference (not a meetup, hackaton, etc.)
```

> - make sure that the event is in Italy and the speakers are mostly Italian.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- make sure that the event is happenign in Italy (either in Italian or in a foreing language).
```
